# Feature
This section provides an overview of all the features available in Maven. It is intended to serve as a general guide to what's possible with the app, rather than a detailed explanation of how to use each feature. For more information on how to use Maven's features, please refer to the [usage guide](TODO).

## Table of Contents
- [Template](#template)
- [Program](#program)
- [Workout](TODO)

---

## Template
A template consists of exercises that you plan to perform during a workout. By preparing timers, sets, reps, and other variables in advance, you can save time during your workout and focus more on exercising.

---

## Program
A program is a collection of templates that are generated and stored in weekly folders. It allows you to create several templates in advance, with modifiers such as increasing exercise weights and reps. Additionally, you can keep track of which templates you have completed, which is not possible with regular templates.

### Table of contents
- [Builder](#builder)
- [Editor](#editor)

### Builder
The builder assists the user in building their desired program by taking in parameters and outputting a full program.

**Options:**
- Weeks: The duration of the program in weeks.
- Days: The days on which you intend to exercise.
- Templates: The specific workout plan to follow on each day.
- Modifiers: Adjustments made to the exercises within a template, such as increasing weights or decreasing reps.

### Editor
The editor allows the user to refine the templates in any program that was generated by the builder.




